my name is Matt Kadath I'm a filmmaker
director writer producer designer
painter
I am co-owner of paper ghost pictures
with my business partner writer and son
I wrote my first novel in 2006 and I
wrote it it was horrible
and then I rewrote a prescribed it
wasn't very good but during that time I
started painting people start buying my
heart
it was fun you know and it helps fund
some of my first films and then in 2008
the economy kinda and people kind of
stopped asking me for Commission's and
stopped buying paintings that my
daughter was drawing all these really
fun cute little things I thought
wouldn't be funny if I I painted these
in my own style but they were hers
I started making films during that time
and I think it all blends there there's
there's a common occurrence because it's
all about the visual medium and painting
and graphic design and making films and
there's a style that I've developed and
I'm still developing it for me it's I
want to make people smile doing that in
painting is translated to doing that in
in film
in 2007 I direct for my first 48 hour
film project that I love the 48 hour
film project because you have two days
to make a film and then you're done and
so it's this brilliant way to motivate
cast and crew to just give everything in
two days during that time I was also
painting I was also I've written three
novels and I've turned some of those and
the screenplays and so I found over the
years that my passion my love is where
the writing and the visuals and the
music and the story and everything
combines together because if you write a
book you know a few people might read it
and it's a short film a it's a 10-minute
commitment and if it's a feature film
it's an hour and a half commitment or
two hours and it's easy to get out now
with the internet we have so many
opportunities to just here's our film
here's you know here's a password or pay
a $5 and watch our film online or
whatever it is and so I think filmmakers
are exploring that creative space on the
internet and new ways of distribution
and so we're kind of exploring that at
the same time
so our latest film contrary to likeness
won best film at the Nashville 48 hour
film project and we represented
Nashville at Komal Palooza and then we
found out that our film will be
screening it the Cannes Film Festival is
shooter so we decided that a bunch of us
wanted to go out and go to the film and
film tussle because it's not the friends
you know gorgeous and Ryan her producer
said what if we make a feature film on
the way out there and then somebody else
suggests it I believe it was Chris our
our lead actor what if we stopped in
Iceland and shoot some stuff there and
next thing you know it's this snowball
that is getting bigger and bigger and so
we decided a few days ago to
most everything I do comes out of a soft
science fiction I like movies I like
stories books everything I read is
always a little off
I think eternal sunshine and spotless -
is a great example of stuff things that
I like because you've got this story
that's about relationships it's
completely and totally about
relationships but you've got this little
thing where they're erasing people's
memories and the process of trying to
save the memories and that and that's
the gimmick but ultimately it's a story
about relationships story about people
and that's what I like to do I like to
have these you know I'll think of the
gimmick and then I'll go okay now what's
the story the story isn't just about the
gimmick you know
I'm not the kind of person who goes to a
coffee shop and just works cuz I've got
this
you know and I hear my wife and daughter
are downstairs and I have three meals a
day with them and I love that about my
space is that I can spend so much time
with them
my daughter will knock on the door daddy
hey come play okay great I'll go play
for ten minutes with her and then I'll
come back up and keep working and for me
that's healthy that keeps me energized
having a rhythm having a discipline is
is how you get things done so for me I
go to bed 9:30 or 10:00 every night I
wake up at 4:30 or 5:00 in the morning
and I have from that time until my
family gets up and I write I add it I I
do whatever I need to do and then I go
in at breakfast with my family and then
I continue to create throughout the rest
of the day art is about exploration it's
about understanding you know if someone
has tragedy in life turn that into art
somebody has something amazing it's
happened to them turn that into art like
my daughter painting you know and
watching her explore the universe I am
inspired by that hopefully my lens is
showing there's hope in the world right
that there's there's goodness that there
are the people are trying I think that
for me that's what I want my art to do
my name is Maki death and you're
watching creative spaces TV
you